#Async Concept 
Asynchronous programming is a concept which allows not blocking the program workflow when waiting for the results of certain actions. So you can open a large file or query a database, but your program will continue processing each line afterwards. 
This concept was first needed on the kernel level, because you want to be able to listen to music while you type something on your keyboard. On a software level, this was achieved through multi-threading. On the CPU side, you can have multiple processes running on each core at the same time.


#Asynchronous RUST
The asynchronous Rust ecosystem has undergone a lot of evolution over time, so it can be hard to know what tools to use, what libraries to invest in, or what documentation to read. However, the Future trait inside the standard library and the async/await language feature has recently been stabilized. The ecosystem as a whole is therefore in the midst of migrating to the newly-stabilized API, after which point churn will be significantly reduced.
At the moment, however, the ecosystem is still undergoing rapid development and the asynchronous Rust experience is unpolished. Most libraries still use the 0.1 definitions of the futures crate, meaning that to inter-operate developers frequently need to reach for the compact functionality from the 0.3 futures crate. The async/await language feature is still new. Important extensions like async fn syntax in trait methods are still unimplemented, and the current compiler error messages can be difficult to parse.
That said, Rust is well on its way to having some of the most performative and ergonomic support for asynchronous programming around, and if you're not afraid of doing some spelunking, enjoy your dive into the world of asynchronous programming in Rust!

#async/.await Primer
async/.await is Rust's built-in tool for writing asynchronous functions that look like synchronous code. async transforms a block of code into a state machine that implements a trait called Future. Whereas calling a blocking function in a synchronous method would block the whole thread, blocked Futures will yield control of the thread, allowing other Futures to run.


#Callbacks
One approach to asynchronous programming is to make functions that perform a slow action take an extra argument, a callback function. The action is started, and when it finishes, the callback function is called with the result. As an example, the setTimeout function, available both in Node.js and in browsers, waits a given number of milliseconds (a second is a thousand milliseconds) and then calls a function.
